docs: add to documentation for Kubernetes deployments, devcontainer improvements (#498)
ai-dynamo/dynamo: README.md

pip install ai-dynamo[all]
```

### Building the Dynamo Base Image

> Many Dynamo components require a base image that can be built and pushed to your container registry. You can use any container registry of your choice, such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although not needed for local development, deploying your Dynamo pipelines to Kubernetes will require you to build and push a Dynamo base image to your container registry. You can use any container registry of your choice, such as:
```

or something to this effect, they only need to build this container if they are pushing to k8s
